[CUBRIDMAN-276] [EN] 저장 프로시저에서 실행 권한 제어 (AUTHID) 기능 설명 추가 (#622)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/pl/pl_authid.rst

------------------------------------
Owner's Rights and Caller's Rights
------------------------------------

Stored procedures and functions can be executed with either **Owner's Rights** or **Caller's Rights**. The execution rights can be chosen during the creation of the stored procedure or function, and it will be executed with the specified rights.

The following explains each type of rights and their differences:

* **Owner's Rights** (also known as Definer's Rights)
        * Executed with the rights of the user who created the stored procedure.
        * If the creator grants rights to another user, the granted user can also execute the stored procedure.

>         * All rights of the owner of the stored procedure are available, allowing access to database objects without additional rights being granted. If a stored procedure is created with the **DBA**'s owner's rights, it can access all database objects, so special attention should be paid to security issues such as SQL Injection when using dynamic SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * All rights of the owner of the stored procedure take effect, allowing it to access database objects that the owner has permission to access without requiring additional grants. If a stored procedure is created with the **DBA**'s owner's rights, it can access all database objects, so special attention should be paid to security issues such as SQL Injection when using dynamic SQL.
```

        * When a stored procedure is created with Caller's Rights, it is executed at the caller's rights level, not the creator's, allowing access to database objects at the caller's rights level. Therefore, when creating a stored procedure with Caller's Rights, the caller's rights level should be considered.
        * Suitable when different rights need to be applied per caller.

Understanding the difference between Owner's Rights and Caller's Rights when creating stored procedures and utilizing them can lead to more efficient database management.

When creating a stored procedure or function, the **AUTHID** attribute can be specified to determine whether it operates with **Owner's Rights** or **Caller's Rights**. For detailed definitions, refer to :doc:`/sql/schema/stored_routine_stmt`.

The **AUTHID** attribute can be specified as follows, with **DEFINER** and **OWNER** being synonyms, as well as **CURRENT_USER** and **CALLER**.

* **Owner's Rights**: AUTHID DEFINER or AUTHID OWNER
* **Caller's Rights**: AUTHID CURRENT_USER or AUTHID CALLER

If the attribute is not specified, it defaults to **Owner's Rights**.

> The following is an example of logging in as a DBA user, creating a stored function with DBA Owner's Rights that returns :ref:`fn_current_user`, and calling it from user U1.

Reviewer 2: 이 warning 은 차후에 제거되나요?

Author: 레이블을 추가하여 warning을 제거했습니다.
